WOMAN: ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ I'm just another
kind of girl ♪
♪ And you want
to see my world ♪
♪ So come and run away ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ If you wanna play ♪
♪ Come and play today ♪
♪ Let's just get away, yeah ♪
♪ I will make you see ♪
♪ All of the things ♪
♪ That you can be ♪
♪ Believe in yourself ♪
♪ Come follow me ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Aah!
[thudding]
- Oh, look.
It's raining dorks.
- Oh.
- We forgot to set the alarm!
We're gonna be late for class!
- What time is it?
- It's ten till 8:00!
- We can't make it to class
in ten minutes!
- We have to! Mr. Bender said
if we're late for class
one more time, we're gonna get
a zero for the day!
- Come on, we gotta hurry!
[rock music]
WOMEN:
♪ Put me in the spotlight ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ It's been
a permanent midnight ♪
♪ Oh... ♪
♪ Dim all the blacklights ♪
♪ It's been
a permanent midnight ♪
- Time?
- Six minutes!
- We're not gonna make it!
[dialing]
[cell phone rings]
- Ya got me.
- Chase! You have to make
Mr. Bender late for class.
- Why?
- Because we're gonna
be late.
- And we can't afford
a zero!
ZOEY: Please, Chase?
- Okay, calm down.
I'll make sure Bender's
late to class.
- You rock!
- I rock.
- Eh, you're okay.
WOMEN: ♪ Oh... ♪
♪ It's been
a permanent midnight ♪
♪ Permanent midnight ♪
MICHAEL: What?
- Mr. Bender's coming.
Uh...
Beat me up.
- One more time?
- If we're fighting,
he'll have to stop
and break it up.
- Okay, man.
- Don't punch me!
- But you said
to beat you up.
- Just tackle me. Hurry!
- All right.
- Aah!
- You're a bad person!
- Agh!
- Hey!
Hey! Cut it out! Stop!
Okay, come on! Get up! Stop it!
WOMEN: ♪ It's been
a permanent midnight ♪
- Guys, stop it.
Get up. Come on.
What is going on here?
- Um, he...
He said that
I have bushy hair.
- How much time?
- One minute!
- The bushiness of my hair
is none of your concern!
- You've got bushy hair
and you know it!
- Stop it.
Okay, okay.
All right! Stop.
Enough. Stop it.
- Bush.
- No more. Stop.
Now, Chase, your hair
is unusually bushy.
And, Michael,
the bushiness of his hair
is none of your business.
Now, just shake hands
and apologize
before we're all late
for class.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
- Okay.
WOMEN: ♪ Permanent midnight ♪
♪ Permanent midnight ♪
[bell rings]
- Good morning.
- You're late.
- No. We were here, like,
ten minutes ago.
Right, Dana?
- Yeah, ten minutes ago.
- Morning, class.
Sorry I'm late.
- Our fault.
- Okay, class,
now, we all know that
the most important goal
in media is...what?
- To communicate a message.
- That's right.
So how is it
that companies make sure
that people know about
their products?
- Advertising?
- Advertising.
Today, in order to learn
about advertising,
we are going to have
a very special guest speaker...
[engine revs]
And judging by that sound,
I think he's here!
[horn honks]
Students, I want you to meet
my very best friend
from college,
Mr. Jake Savage.
- Who wants this bike?
[all murmuring]
Well, tough turtles.
It's mine.
But you can win one of these
if you want to.
All you gotta do
is ask me how.
You, the kid
with the bushy hair.
- Uh...how?
- Son, you don't ask how
until you know what.
Dude,
do you know what this is?
- Some sort of scooter?
- Eehh! Wrong!
- Sorry.
- This,
my adolescent friends...
is the Jet X.
[honks]
I honk for emphasis.
- So what's a Jet X?
- I'm glad you asked that,
little blonde girl.
The Jet X is the absolute latest
technological advancement
in two-wheeled vehicular
technology.
It's fast, it's tough,
it's smooth,
and above all, it's cool.
You, the kid
with the hippie shirt,
you want a Jet X?
- Uh, yeah!
- Too bad!
They're not available in stores
till next year.
[laughter]
Yes, petite brunette.
- Um, so why are you here?
- I happen to be
the president
of Qualitech Industries.
- Qualitech?
- Yeah, we make stuff.
Scooters, shampoos,
various cheeses.
Mostly scooters.
- So what does this
have to do with us?
- Okay, there are three things
that you need
to sell an awesome product
like the Jet X.
First, you gotta have
great hair.
I got that.
Next, you need to have
a great product.
[imitates sizzle]
I got that too.
Now, who can tell me
what else you need
to sell the Jet X?
- A TV commercial?
- Yes!
And I want you people,
this class,
to make that TV commercial.
[all murmuring]
- But don't they have
companies that, like, do that?
- Yes,
and they're all idiots.
Because they think they
understand people your age.
But they don't.
Do you know who does
get people your age?
- People our age?
- Bingo, little girl!
I'd ask you to dance,
but I don't know how.
- Wait, so is this gonna be
like a class project?
- That's right.
You guys are gonna split
into groups of three.
Each group will have their own
digital video camera
and a supply of Jet X scooters
in various colors.
- Oh, dude.
ALL: Whoa!
- Okay, you've all got
one week
to shoot a TV commercial
that shows teenagers
why the Jet X...
Is the ultimate scooter
on this planet.
And then, I'm gonna pick
the best commercial,
and I'm gonna run it on TV
100 times.
[all murmuring]
Oh, and one more thing.
Each kid in the winning group
will receive
their very own Jet X
for free.
- Oh, nice.
- Dude.
- Awesome.
- Just not this one,
'cause like I said...
this one's mine.
[engine revs]
Savage out!
[engine revving]
Whoo-hoo!
[horn honks]
- Okay, we have got to win
a Jet X.
- Totally! Can you imagine
how fun it would be
to have those things on campus?
- So what's our commercial
gonna be?
- Okay, I've been thinking,
what we could--
MICHAEL: Hi. What's up?
- Go ahead.
Keep on talkin'.
- Ha-ha. Nice try, guys.
- We don't reveal our secrets
to the competition.
- Ooh.
- So who's your guys'
third partner?
- That'd be Logan.
- Logan?
- Why do you wanna work
with him?
- Because, you know,
he's our roommate, and--
- Hey, hey. Guys.
We don't talk to the enemy.
- Oh, please, this is just
a friendly competition.
- Yeah,
it's just a commercial.
- Hey, all I know is,
I want that Jet X.
So...
we are gonna win.
- He's touching
our shoulders.
- I feel you.
- Don't worry.
I'll let you borrow my Jet X
after our commercial wins.
- Or I'll give you a ride
on my Jet X.
Maybe I'll take you up the lake
and...
we can make out a little.
- You know, I would,
but it's so hard
for a girl to kiss a guy
while she's vomiting.
[laughter]
- It's true.
It happened to me.
- Okay, now, I feel that
the clothes for our commercial
should be really cool--
like funky.
- I'm down with funky.
- Okay,
so I sketched out a few
possible outfit combinations.
See?
- Cool, but how do we buy
these clothes?
- How do we buy these boobs?
- Yeah, I went a little
overboard on those.
- You can put everything
right over here by the grass.
Whoa, Chase,
careful with that camera.
It's worth more
than your parents' house.
- This thing isn't worth
more than my parents' house.
- It's a half a million dollars.
- This thing's worth more
than my parents' house.
- I think that's worth
more than your parents.
- Okay, boys, more work,
less yap.
- Yeah, why aren't you lugging
any of this stuff?
- Because I am the director.
My job is to direct.
- Oh, right.
- I got something
for you to direct.
- I heard that.
Will somebody bring me
a sandwich?
- Okay, what is
all this stuff?
- Just a little production
equipment,
donated by Malcolm Reese.
- Malcolm Reese?
- The movie producer?
- And he's also my dad.
Hey, that generator is not gonna
move itself.
Let's move!
- So your dad just gave you
all this stuff
to make your Jet X commercial?
- No, no, no, no, no.
He didn't give it to me.
He lent it to me.
Where's my jib?
I can't get cool shots
without a jib!
- He gets to use all this
stuff.
- It's not fair.
- So not fair.
- Well, you know what?
I'll just ask my dad to donate
stuff for our commercial.
- Your dad's a producer too?
- No.
He owns a juice company.
Well, we're gonna get thirsty!
We will.
- His father lent him
a whole truck full of equipment?
- And a crew!
- And a camera that's bigger
than my head!
- How can our commercial win
if we have to compete with that?
- It's not fair.
All we get is free juice.
- Juice?
- It's excellent juice!
My favorite's
the kiwi pineapple.
- [intrigued] Kiwi pineapple?
- Will you forget
about the juice?
And what are you gonna do
about Logan?
- Girls,
when you're making
a TV commercial
or a movie or whatever,
it's not just about how fancy
your equipment is
or how much money you spend.
The only thing that matters
is your creativity
and your content.
- I guess.
- Yeah, at the end
of the day,
I guess it's all about
what you put on the screen.
- Exactly.
- Hey, Mr. Bender.
I just wanted you to meet
a good friend of my dad's.
- Jeff Garrett?
[all gasp]
You're Jeff Garrett!
- Nice to see ya.
- Hey! Wow!
Oh!
I've seen all your movies.
- Thanks a lot.
- Yeah. Cool. Yeah.
- Jeff's gonna star
in my TV commercial,
'cause, you know,
at the end of the day,
it's all about what you put
on the screen.
Right, girls?
- [scoffs]
♪ ♪
- Do you see Logan?
- Yeah, there he is.
- And action.
- How does his commercial
look?
- Impressive.
- How does Jeff Garrett
look?
[engine revving]
- More impressive.
- Ooh, give me those!
- Jet X. Get one.
LOGAN: And cut!
That looked awesome, Jeff.
Nice stuff.
Nice.
- Thanks, thanks.
- I gotta say about that--
That was amazing.
- Yeah. That was real cool.
- Please...
don't talk to Jeff.
[scoffs]
- And rolling.
- Action!
- Wow!
Is that a motorcycle?
- No.
- Is it a scooter?
It's a Jet X!
- A Jet X?
- Right.
BOTH: Jet X!
- And cut.
Did you get that?
- I think so.
Hey, how do you turn
this camera off?
It's different from mine.
- How should I know?
You're the geek.
- True.
- How'd it look?
- Come on.
Do you guys really think
that this
is gonna beat Logan's
commercial?
- Why do you hate
my script so much?
- Because it doesn't tell you
what the Jet X is really about.
- Yeah, it does.
The Jet X represents
freedom and independence.
You know, being able to go
wherever, whenever.
- Well, to me, the Jet X
is all about being cool
and getting noticed.
- Well, trying to get noticed
is un-cool.
- Okay, then, Ms. Cool,
why don't you tell us
what the commercial should be?
- Well, I think the Jet X
is all about speed.
- Speed?
- Yeah.
Like, "I'm in a hurry,
so get outta my way."
- Oh, so the Jet X
is all about being rude.
- No, it's about
being in control.
- You're just jealous 'cause
my dad owns a juice company!
- What?
- Well, I don't know
what to say!
- I know!
I read your script!
- Dana, stop it.
- Maybe I should just make
my own commercial.
- Oh, I'd love to see that.
- You will! On TV!
See ya!
- Why'd you have to go
and tick off our director?
- Why do you always
have to take her side?
- I always take your side!
- You didn't defend my script!
- 'Cause it's lame!
- Fine.
I'll just make
my own commercial!
- Fine! I will too!
- Good luck!
- Look, I found
the off button.
See?
I'll walk away.
- [stammers]
Okay, that's enough wind!
- No. I think we need more!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
Sorry.
And...action!
- Aah! Aah!
[horn honking]
[clattering and crashing]
- Action!
- Ta-da!
QUINN: Zoey!
Zoey! Oh!
- Action!
- The Jet X.
LOGAN: And cut it.
Perfect.
CHASE:
Man, that was so great.
I mean, wow, seriously.
[game chattering, beeping]
MAN: Twirl! Spin! Turn!
Whack! Whack! Twirl!
- Hey.
- How's your commercial going?
- [blows raspberry]
- Ah. Bummer.
- Yeah.
How's your commercial going?
- You mean Logan's
commercial?
[blows raspberry]
- You just spit on me.
- Sorry.
It's just that Logan thinks
he can do whatever he wants
just because
his daddy paid
for the whole thing.
- Well, you should tell him
that money doesn't give him
a right to push people around.
- Oh, I did!
- And?
- He gave me 50 bucks
to shut up.
[relaxed music]
♪ ♪
- What's up?
Okay.
- So...
How's your commercial going?
- Um, great.
Really good.
Yours?
- Mine?
Oh, amazing.
Like, insanely good.
So good, it's not...
sane.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
- Well, mine rocks.
- Look, I got nothing.
- Nothing?
- Nothing.
- Yeah, me neither.
- Mine's so awful,
it made me cry!
I mean, I actually cried!
You know how bad a commercial
has to be to make you cry?
- Yes.
- Yep.
- We were so dumb.
How did we think we could
do this on our own?
- 'Cause we're idiots.
- And now we have to spend
the rest of our lives
at PCA watching Logan
ride around campus
on his stupid Jet X.
- I want a Jet X!
We deserve them!
We'd look so much cuter
on Jet Xs than Logan!
- Well, you can
kiss that dream good-bye.
- Not necessarily.
- You have an idea?
Tell me!
I love your ideas!
If your ideas were boys,
I would marry them!
- Okay. It's 11:00,
so we still have
ten more hours
till class starts.
- I'm listening.
- Well, we all taped
a whole bunch of stuff, right?
- Yeah?
- So if we work all night,
maybe we can edit together
a commercial
that's really...not awful.
- Yay!
My first all-nighter at PCA!
This is gonna be so much fun!
NICOLE: A Jet X?
ZOEY: Right.
BOTH: Jet X.
- Okay.
Our commercial
could not be suckier.
- We worked all night
for nothing.
- Are you sure we looked at
everything we shot?
- Yeah, I think.
- Well, I don't know
what to say.
- What's this?
DANA: I know!
I read your script!
- Dana, stop it.
- Maybe I should just make
my own commercial.
NICOLE: Why is this on tape?
- Quinn couldn't figure out
how to turn off the camera,
remember?
- Why do you always
have to take her side?
- I can't watch this.
And it's already after 7:00.
- We'd better go take a shower
and get ready for class.
You coming, Zo?
- Nah, I'll catch up later.
- Well, to me, the Jet X
is all about being cool
and getting noticed.
- No, it's about being
in control.
[tape rewinding,
keys clacking]
MR. BENDER: Okay, Logan.
Why don't you go ahead
and start your commercial?
LOGAN: Yes, sir.
[dramatic music plays]
LOGAN: You wanna look cool?
Be like a movie star?
Then you need a hot ride.
You need a Jet X.
With over 95 horsepower,
the Jet X will get you
where you wanna be.
- [whispering] Where's Zoey?
- I don't know.
LOGAN: Where the cool is.
You need...
- The Jet X.
Get one.
[applause]
- Excellent. Excellent.
You boys did a kick-butt job!
- Thank you, Jake.
- Well, we have
one more commercial to view.
JAKE: Well, hurry!
Let's see it
before I pop like a zit.
Come on!
- Uh, Dana, Nicole...
where's Zoey?
- Um, actually...
- Hey, sorry I'm late.
- All right, girls, I ain't got
time to fluff around,
so pop that sucker in
and hit play.
- Yes, sir.
- What'd you do?
- Watch.
[light music plays]
- The Jet X
is all about being cool
and getting noticed.
ALL: Jet X.
- I think the Jet X
is all about speed.
ALL: Jet X.
- Jet X represents
freedom and independence...
ALL: Jet X.
- [shrieks]
- You know, being able
to go wherever, whenever.
ALL: Jet X.
- Wow.
♪ ♪
[horn honks]
- It's about being
in control.
ALL: Jet X.
- Is it a motorcycle?
Is it a scooter?
ZOEY: No, it's a...
BOTH: Jet X.
♪ ♪
DANA: Did you get that?
- Well, butter my rump
and call me toast.
- Huh?
- What?
- Hmm?
- Brilliant.
Brill-iant!
You see? Now, that's what
I'm looking for.
- You liked that?
- Son, your commercial
was entertaining
but too Hollywood.
I'm sorry.
At least you have nice arms.
Congratulations, girls.
Your commercial's going on TV.
[girls shrieking, laughing]
- So we each get a scooter?
- No.
You each get a Jet X.
[girls screaming]
[applause]
- Hey! Wake up!
- What?
We overslept again?
- Yeah. We only have
nine minutes to get to class.
- I don't think
that'll be a problem.
WOMAN: ♪ If you wanna play ♪
♪ Come and play today ♪
[horns honk]
♪ Let's just get away ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[all cheering]
WOMAN: ♪ That you can be ♪
♪ Believe in yourself ♪
- Hey! I'm late!
Can I have a ride?
- Nope!
[horn honks]
- Whoo!
WOMAN: ♪ Yeah ♪
[all cheering]
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, you ♪
♪ Just gotta let it loose ♪
♪ And do what
you choose to do ♪
♪ Don't walk away ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I will make you see ♪
♪ All of the things ♪
♪ That you can be ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[ding]
MAN: Mmm.
ZOEY: You just spit on me.